c:\users\junaid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SMS\SMS\bin\Debug\SMS.exe.config
c:\users\junaid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SMS\SMS\bin\Debug\SMS.exe
c:\users\junaid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SMS\SMS\bin\Debug\SMS.pdb
c:\users\junaid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SMS\SMS\obj\Debug\SMS.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\junaid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SMS\SMS\obj\Debug\SMS.loginForm.resources
c:\users\junaid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SMS\SMS\obj\Debug\SMS.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\junaid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SMS\SMS\obj\Debug\SMS.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\junaid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SMS\SMS\obj\Debug\SMS.exe
c:\users\junaid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SMS\SMS\obj\Debug\SMS.pdb
c:\users\junaid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SMS\SMS\obj\Debug\SMS.ManageStudent.resources
c:\users\junaid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SMS\SMS\obj\Debug\SMS.ManageSubject.resources
c:\users\junaid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SMS\SMS\obj\Debug\SMS.Menu.resources
c:\users\junaid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SMS\SMS\obj\Debug\SMS.newStudent.resources
c:\users\junaid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SMS\SMS\obj\Debug\SMS.MenuStudent.resources
c:\users\junaid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SMS\SMS\obj\Debug\SMS.newSubject.resources
c:\users\junaid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SMS\SMS\obj\Debug\SMS.updateStudent.resources
c:\users\junaid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SMS\SMS\obj\Debug\SMS.updateSubject.resources
C:\Users\Junaid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SMS\SMS\obj\Debug\SMS.MakeResult.resources
C:\Users\Junaid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SMS\SMS\obj\Debug\SMS.calcAvg.resources
C:\Users\Junaid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SMS\SMS\obj\Debug\SMS.seeResult.resources
C:\Users\Junaid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SMS\SMS\bin\Debug\smsDB.mdf
C:\Users\Junaid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SMS\SMS\bin\Debug\smsDB_log.ldf
